## Project Currently in Progress ##

### Intro ###
When it came to choosing what kind of data was wanted, it was already known that it would be related to astronomy. Astronomy data was chosen before for previous projects visualizing and interpreting galaxy data. This time, planet research seemed like the perfect fit for a relational database because of how we’ve organized the universe. Planets are part of solar systems, and they are part of galaxies, and they are part of clusters, and they are part of the early universe or the late universe. With some searching, the public NASA exoplanet archive operated by Caltech, under contract with NASA under the Exoplanet Exploration Program, was found (high discoverability), and it felt perfect for the focus of this project, to look for Earth-like planets, not just habitable planets, but ones similar to Earth in as many data points as possible. After getting to the main page for the exoplanet archive, planetary systems and composite data were at the bottom, and in there was a large table with hundreds of columns and rows about planets, easily discoverable and easy to acquire for personal projects through the “Download Table” tab, top left. The data was seen as free and open to the public. Since the focus was on Earth-like planets, constraints were used one by one to see how many planets we could work with. After setting three constraints, radius, equilibrium temperature, and stellar effective temperature, what started as thousands of planets turned into three planets, and all with missing data. If the constraints were too similar to Earth, we would be left with zero data. It was realized that if a database project about Earth-like planets was going to be done, a different approach was needed. So instead, we left out the constraints and downloaded the data as is. We started with two datasets. One for the abbreviations of the columns and the other for the exoplanet data. We started with 320 columns and 6158 planets. The rest, like the cleaning and preprocessing, would be left with the Jupyter notebook. If we start with as much data as possible and then clean up the data in Jupyter, then we’ll have more to work with. Additionally, we can choose to balance between complete data and earth-like parameters or find a happy medium where we have complete data and earth-like planets with multiple constraints. 

